Hello, how are youtube friends?
again I bring you a new tutorial
this we will learn to download
Internet images but in quality
full hd is going to be a quantity one
clear good quality for the products
that we want to give him for it we are going to
proceed as follows
here to our browser and once
open the browser on the screen
main let's go where it says images
let's go to google images and here by
example I will put a random search
I'm going to put in as a center
I'm going to put animals brave
immediately on the page is loaded with
all the data bank of the people of
animals that has google here many
many of these images have
copyright or copyright
there are many that are also added
they have just climbed and they realize
here the images have different
qualities here is 1600 x 1200 a
Qatar and 24 by site 68 and so on
different dimensions are not all in
quality hd or hd and to be able to download
a high quality image we are going to
proceed as follows we go
where it says search tools a
Once we click there we have
problems here these options where
let's go where we're not going to go where
says size and here tells us the options
that we have in size in any
medium large size and more than
some options and here we're going
exactly says exactly and we're going to
edit the following dimensions
and in this way how should I hook
let's put 1920 pixels and in height
1080 pixels and we are going to click on it and
when we click on immediately from
google upload us the images of all
the images that have that
feature that we just entered
for example they are all 1920 x 1080
pixels and so all are is really
well if they put the pointer they give
realize that everyone in that same quality
buoy
for example downloading this pretty
this kitten
to download it simply what
we have to do is click on the
image to be maximized
and here is the bar that is coordinated
at the bottom you have to load
for example until the bar in charge and
that's when the image is in its
maximum quality and what we have to
do to simply download a
right click in the middle we give in
save as
and from here we 're going to go where
let's go here I will go to download it
where on the desk
this is territory
with the kitten
kitten and download on desktop
open
I'm in the manager again and save
I will minimize and as you see
immediately the image is loaded
unload in the place where I give the
route that I gave him in this case is in
the desktop we give a double click
click
immediately to the image that ends
to load in the quality as it says here
Down kitten in quality 1920 x 1080
pixels is a good quality that is the
case when you want to put a nice background
screen or whether when they want
put a video with a thumbnail
any utility they want to give or
either for jobs of this work that
they give it whether they are university institutes not
this way you will be able to download
images in good quality good
this being this video tutorial I hope that
I have served you at the top you
I leave this mood that is you subscribe to
my YouTube channel to follow
receiving more updates from
videos that I will upload if I had
Any questions regarding this video
tutorial let's leave a comment below
of the video I'll answer you how much
before you tell me so with what doubts
you had problems struggles at the time of
want to download in the image and also
this fast you support this new channel
from youtube by clicking below this
video where he says I like it this way
supports this youtube channel and this
video so more people can see
this video and you can benefit with
this information
always at the end of each video every
video tutorial I always have the
custom of leaving links to others
tutorial videos that are sure to
interesting are usually related
with the theme that I just did or also
they are subjects that are also very interesting
that I know that they will serve you well
take advantage of them and if possible share
this video with the people you know
thank you very much friends and until next one
video